## Playing with GitHub
This is GitHub, and I am playing around with Markdown to see what all I can do.

On our real website we will talk about 
1. Dev - Brandon Wrote this
In DevOps, the Development side of the chain normally consists of creation, planning, verifying and packaging. Development is the first side of the coin in the creation of the IT application or product, which means that they build the application/product from scratch using whichever programming languages, applications, or hardware that they need. Almost all companies in this day and age use and critically need IT departments, along with the development of new programs and creation of digital infrastructure. Without IT to help companies create new apps and internet services, they would be unable to keep up with the technological advances of their competitors and they would become obsolete and go out of business. 
The development side of things has more to do with the actual code needed for a project rather than making the product operational. These are the people who write the code and set up the structure/foundation for the application/product they are producing. If the development team does not complete their work efficiently, then the operations team cannot get the application/product up and running. This role in a company normally consists of software engineers which requires a degree in Computer Science or Software Engineering. 

2. Ops - Ryan's part
The other side of DevOps, is the Operational side of the chain that is in charge of the network infrastructure, server and device management, and computer and help desk operations. After the development team is done writing the code and creating an application or product, the operations team works on getting that application up and running, and able to be used by the customer. The operations team does all the necessary work to finalize the application/product so that it can reach its end user. This role in a company normally requires a degree in operations management, supply chain management, or another related field. 
The value that operations gives to a company is almost immeasurable. Without the final work operations does to fix any necessary bugs or issues, secure the operational stability and efficiency of the product, customers would have unreliable products that may or may not meet their needs. There are also many current issues or future complications that are avoided because they are caught by a second set of eyes when the operations team works to deploy the application or product. Companies rely heavily on operations, just as they do development, because both are necessary to have a profound and productive IT department.

3. DevOps - Jessica wrote this
DevOps is a new movement/idea of creating a more efficient way of conducting business in IT. It is the idea that in order to make sure development and operations area efficient, you must put the two teams together so that they can hold each other accountable. Work is completed much more efficiently and faster by having the development and operations teams working together to solve problems. DevOps helps build a better work environment by emphasizing teamwork. Development and operations collaborate more closely under the structure of DevOps due to shared responsibilities and combined workflows. 
Companies who have restructured their IT department to adopt this idea of collaboration between development and operations have experienced many benefits as a result. The biggest benefit would be the ability to complete work much faster while also being more accurate. Troubleshooting issues that arise while working on an application/product is faster and more accurate when you have everyone who has worked on creating it/deploying it working together. Having an IT team that is able to keep up with the always changing technological updates is key to having a successful business

4. Why is DevOps so successful? -other team member
When both Dev and Ops works together, they are not only working towards creating a more standardized way to deploy programs, but they are also working to shorten development cycles to provide solutions faster. The theories and practices associated with DevOps creates a unique company culture that is geared towards being blameless, and provides a positive work environment were people are not socially reprimanded for their mistakes. This results in happier employees, which makes for more productive teams. NEEDS MORE WORDS

5. What are some misconceptions? OR insert photo -other team member

6. The four pillars of DevOps -other team member

